Interview asked questions?

1. Question - What's java internally use(call by value and call by reference)?
Ans - Java internally use call by value.	
2. What's your project requirement     Question from            interviewer
3. Can you explain briefly about your Java experience?
4. What role do you play in the team?
5. Can you explain the architecture of your current project? And what technologies stack are you using?
6. Is project based on a waterfall model or agile model?
7. Of all the projects your worked so far, what project are you particularly proud about and why?
8. What is the difference between StringBuffer and StringBuilder ?
9. How can you convert a String of comma separated values that were imported from a CSV file into an Array ?
10. Now how can you remove the duplicates from this Array ?
11. After removing the duplicates, how can you convert the Array of Strings back to a single String without commas ?
12. After removing the duplicates, how can you convert the Array of Strings back to a single String sepeated by dashes ?
13. Difference between SOAP and REST WebServices
14. What is an index with respect to database?
15. Why should we use indexing on database?
16. When will the indexing have inferior performance?
17. I have a customer table with name, id, state and salary. How can you find sum of all the salaries of all the customers per state?
18. How can you find sum of all the salaries of all the customers per state where each of the individual salary is greater than 60K?
19. What is caching? What should be your consideration for designing a caching mechanism?
20. If you were to implement your own caching mechanism what would some of the API calls look like?
21. Do you have any prior experience working in JBOSS Drools? or any workflow engines?
22. Do you have any questions for us?
23. find number, character, string from given string?
24. difference between jar and war
25. reflection
26. what is volitile
27. why java is immutable
28. how to create immutable class in java - https://www.journaldev.com/129/how-to-create-immutable-class-in-java

Deloitee objective questions-

1. Core Java - String, collection, serialization & Deserialization, overload finalize method, hashset & Treeset
2. MySql
3. Framework
4. MVC
5. Jsp


24. Difference b/w SVN and Github?
25. web server and application server
26. what is retro spective


Barcles asked question - 

1. What is HashMap?
2. If two String have same value and if we store it in Map as a key then what will happen?
3. Difference between ArrayList & LinkedList?
4. Internal working of ArrayList?
5. Difference between synchronization method & synchronization block and which one you prefer?
6. If one class have 2 mthod m1 & m2 and I am calling these through two threads then will it work?
7. If one class have 2 method m1 & m2 with one static method and I am calling these methods through two Threads then will it work?
8. Difference between Component, Service & Repository annotation in Spring?
9. Explain above Spring annotation?
10. Which implementation did you use for Restful Web Service?
11. Difference between GET & POST request method?
12. Can we send empty body in POST request method?
13. Configuration of Servlet in web.xml for Restful Web Service?
14. Explain OOP’s concept?
15. They will pickup any oops pillar and ask you question on it in deep? Mostly logical questions?
16. Overriding and Overloading rules and will give you 3-4 scenarios on same.
17. Will check your coding conversions and program structure.
18. Decorator design pattern and Factory pattern explanation.
19. Hashmap and Hashtable diff.?
20. Why Hashcode and equals method ?
21. Hibernate : States of Objects in hibernate?
22. Spring : in which modules u have worked in spring?
23. Which type of configuration you have used in Spring?(XML/Annotation).
24. Asked about @Bean , @Autowired  Annotations?
25. Scenario of Autowiring when two same object’s are to be injected. ?(use of qualifier)
26. What is adapter pattern tell me with example and where you will use this in TaxCalculator application?
27. Scopes of Beans in spring?
28. What is REST And SOAP?What you did consumed or produced?
29. Which implementation you have used in REST?
30. What are the methods of HTTP ?
31. Write Complex object representation in JSON format?
32. How we can extends this TaxCalculator application?



Generic Link
http://java.meritcampus.com/core-java-topics/generics-wildcards-in-java-with-examples


Virtusa Questions-
1. What is Aggregation and what is Composition.
Link- https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/association-composition-aggregation-java/
2. Can we convert array to arraylist.
3. which scenario i have to use map in code.
4. which scenario we have to use map.
5. which scenario i have to use arraylist in code.
6. which scenario we have to use arraylist.
7. what is cuncurrent hashmap.
8. difference between wait and join.
9. difference between github and SVC.
10. Difference between arraylist and map.
11. why use webservices.
12. difference between object and class.
Link- https://www.javatpoint.com/difference-between-object-and-class
